[Music]
fears and
attachments it just is so hardwired in
you that it will be very difficult to
let go so as long as you are looking for
love acceptance approval from people
places and things
outside you will be using the Vitality
your body is producing abing your mind
is
abusing and you're looking for healing
no the abuser lives in you and also
healer lives in you so what am I saying
I am revealing to you let go of the
abuser that's a very important thing
along with the removing the symptoms
through the practice of Aura and Yoga
Yoga Nidra everything you can remove the
symptoms but you are also learning the
secrets of how to let go from the source
that created it to begin
with this is if you this is why we have
this lifestyle this is why we have this
practices this is why you need a group
energy to help you to shift your
pre-program hardwired past that is is
such a big grip and grip is like
survival grip survival of what what you
like that's what you are surviving
survival level grip and what you are
afraid of is grip that is even stronger
than a survival
grip then how can you ever solve that so
the yogis just saw that it Yi just
saw Masters and yogis they were the same
they were not like two different kind of
systems that came the yogis were looking
for enlightenment and the ayurvedics
they were looking for the secrets to
just heal the
body no AA says amazing definition of
Health amazing that is not anywhere that
I have seen and it says in one word that
cannot be described that is not
described in in Many Words
Anywhere what is that
definition
says being established in the self
that's what I'm talking about self is in
you and through the through the
witnessing
presence that allows you to see what is
as
is you can let go of what is unreal
coming from the memory coming through
your mind that is is why psychologist
say the same thing your mind is
everything it says is
repeat
means it is not real just the way every
time you fall in
love you say the same thing you you say
in the beginning all the nice things
when you in the end the opposite shows
up in reality both show up at the same
time when both show up in the same time
you accept what is as is you don't
choose for or against but when you
choose it outside and fall in love with
somebody in the beginning it will look
attraction as it grows deeper it will
look like
repulsion same thing same person same
marriage same thing why because in the
in the external World The Duality
of polarity shows in time because mind
works in time external things work in
time relationship work in time so in
relationship you will even if you are
attracted to the job money power in time
you'll find out you don't like it you
like the money but you who likes it
would so much that money will not be
able to solve the
problems if you have somebody like that
if you have seen somebody like that who
is close to you think about that it'll
be hard to see yourself but somebody
else you
can your father your parents your
grandparents your
uncle some politicians some people who
have reached to the very high highest
and look how much they suffer so much so
that they get married and get divorced
in a
week that's how how fragile their
Consciousness is how FAL their mind is
what did they choose why just to get dis
disengaged that fast so more money you
have more flexibility you have to play
out the stupid
mind that that's what people do you can
see their lives how quickly they how
fragile their Consciousness
is and but I know how you think I'm
Different Guru there let me
try I haven't yet tried I haven't not
learned from it but I can do it
differently next time I'm not talking
about my opinion I'm talking about the
reality that is revealed by entire
Humanity that has lived so far who are
you
so if you learn from how people live and
how you have lived you will be able to
enter on the spiritual
journey where you will seek from within
what you have been spending your time
seeking from
outside how many people you know have
reached to the climax highest Pinacle of
popularity social status
Prosperity money power skills everything
and they are
miserable do you think they got all this
so they wanted to end up with being in
misery no they did all these things to
be
happy and they end up with misery what
do you call that Insanity of humanity
why because that's where the collective
unconscious of humanity is at this time
but but you don't have to be the
victim if you wake up you can do it
differently than the
masses so the effect
cause your karmic past lives as a
cause memories of the past that lives as
a cause that is in Perpetual
conflict with the with what is
present so what is present is your
symptoms and if you are in conflict with
the symptoms you cannot even solve the
symptoms let me explain what I just said
if you are in conflict with your health
and you judge yourself and get very
upset with it and you are fearful about
it you can heal with
AA but fear will continue self rejection
will continue
pain will continue in a subtle level it
will not be solved so what is Yoga Yoga
means I begin my journey from accepting
myself where I am
biologically
relax and learn how to accept yourself
as you remove the symptoms that were
created by self-rejection
so with that I'll let you ask questions
see if you can come back home and this
means AA is treating the symptoms but if
you haven't changed at the core you will
recreate
it if I sound insane please bring it out
by
questioning Jager I had a quick question
for you um you said that the mind's
memory of pleasure from an object comes
from the same memory of pain from the
object right
so the two-part question is so within
all objects contains the potential to
cause pain or
pleasure and then if an if I'm in an
experience and an object appears to
cause me pain right do I want to
withdraw from the situation and try to
see how it might cause pleasure in order
to see the polarity do not withdraw from
the situation withdraw from your
perception right right agree no that's a
big difference
okay
yeah so and then withdrawing from the
perception is what so allows when you
withdraw from the perception now you can
deal with the object but if you think
object is creating problem you have a
big problem that cannot be
solved so that's why it's a big
difference all right I'm gonna have to
think on that one I I I gave
up that's what we all have to do when we
talk about reality the ego or question
or mind has to give up which is not
wrong giving up it's good giving
up that's what that's What Fear should
do that
is when you hold object real problem you
have a problem because you are the
problem not
object if object is the problem problem
could be solved very easily because we
can ego can deal with objects very well
and solve the
problem but that is why I'm
saying it is the problem is in the eye
of a
Beholder have you heard the statement
beauty is in the eye of a Beholder so
are the problems so are the
solutions there is nothing that is
happening out there everything that you
see out there is perceived by you who is
paranoid angry fearful self rejecting
guilty so nothing is happening you are
creating a drama that lives in you it
appears to be outside living in the
dream world there's nothing that happens
out
there you don't believe it do
you